Docs: clarify refresh_parts_interval behavior with table_disk and object storage (#96404)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md

Also see [configuring external storage options](/operations/storing-data.md/#configuring-external-storage).

> If you need automatic refresh of the parts list (e.g. to discover parts written externally), note that this requires shared filesystem metadata across replicas (or `table_disk = true` with a table-local disk). See [refresh_parts_interval and table_disk](/operations/storing-data.md/#refresh-parts-interval-and-table-disk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to set up non-replicated MergeTree tables with a one-writer, many-readers scenario on shared storage. This is provided by the automatic refresh of the parts list, which can be set up on readers. Note that this requires shared filesystem metadata across replicas (or `table_disk = true` with a table-local disk). See [refresh_parts_interval and table_disk](/operations/storing-data.md/#refresh-parts-interval-and-table-disk).
```
